tikv: add the user's guide of stale read and safe ts (#14524)
pingcap/docs: stale-read.md

>
> Decreasing the preceding TiKV configuration item will lead to an increase in TiKV CPU usage and traffic between nodes.

> For more information about the internals of Resolved TS and diagnostic techniques, see [Understanding Stale Read and safe-ts in TiKV](/stale_read_user_guide.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about the internals of Resolved TS and diagnostic techniques, see [Understanding Stale Read and safe-ts in TiKV](/troubleshoot-stale-read.md).
```
